General System:

toll collector ---> control room ---> technician/cash up room/rest room 


problems:

etag lane (was a normal lane before):
bumping height sensor (loops)
reset lane
water into sensing beacon

 ---> sensor 1(entry loop/curtain) ---> sensor 2 (exit loop/curtain) ---> sensing beacon (to look for etag)
no height sensor (ony class 1 vehicles allowed) 
has axle and wheel detectors. There is a reset option for the etag lane to cancel the previous vehicle transaction (ie. when a car has to reverse for no tag etc.). 
This is because the loop sensors come before the beacon so a vehicle would have been detected but anot allowed through




other lanes:
loop detector (staying high)

acronyms:
avc (automatic vehicle classification system) - placed at exit. to make sure toll collector classifies the corect vehicle 
tcc - toll collector controller. (lane contoller)
ups - uniterrupted power supply
dwd - double wheel detection


components:
entry loop - axle detectors - height sensor - dwd (wheel sensors) - exit loop

toll collector procedure:

1. class vehicle (1-4)
2. payment method (cash, card, etc, exempt)
3. print receipt if required

light control:

Once the toll collector receives payment, (cash - take money, press cash button
					  card	- just swipe card 
					  etc 	- car just drives (collector only classes vehicle)
					  exempt - press exempt button) 
the traffic light automatically turns green. Changes back to red once the vehicle ENTERS the enter loop 
(this is to tell the motorist behind to stop).

boom gate control: 
Once the toll collector receives payment, (cash - take money, press cash button
					  card	- just swipe card 
					  etc 	- car just drives (collector only classes vehicle)
					  exempt - press exempt button) 
the boom automatically goes up. Comes back down when the vehicle exits the exit loop.
NB: the light goes green and boom goes up simultaneously. But not the same when turning red and going down. The light turns red before the boom comes down.

	
Cameras:
1 for each lane that monitors the rear of the vehicle
1 that monitors the front of every two lanes
1 north bound camera to monitor all north bound lanes------- to help control room identify which lanes are open and closed
1 south bound camera to monitor all south bound lanes-------



Lanes
1 2 3 4 5 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
6/7 - emergency lane/abnorml vehicles
1-10 South Bound
11-18 North Bound








